Description of Implementation:
    For this assignment I implemented a simple filesystem that works on
memory. Specifically, I implemented the following functions:

    fcreate(char *filename, int mode)
    - Given a filename, fcreate checks to see if there are no conflicts with
      what already exists in the existing filesystem. Otherwise, it will go
      ahead and do the same actions as fopen, which is to create a new entry
      in the open file table (OFT), mark the file as open, and create a new
      dirent and inode that represent this new file. These changes are reflected
      back to the OFT.

    fopen(char *filename, int flags)
    - Given a filename, fopen checks to see if such a file exists in the
      filesystem (which is just the root directory for this assignment). If
      there is one, the function creates a new entry in the open file table
      (OFT), mark the file as open in the OFT, and creates a new dirent and
      inode that represent this file.  These changes are reflected back to the
      OFT.

    fclose(int fd)
    - Given a file descriptor fd, fclose simply looks at the OFT and marks the
      file of interest as closed.

    fseek(int fd, int offset)
    - Given a file descriptor fd and offset, fseek will set the pointer in the
      file according to the given offset.

    fread(int fd, void *buf, int nbytes)
    - Given a file descriptor fd, buffer buf, and nbytes, reads nbytes bytes
      of data from the file described by fd into buf. This is done by first
      calculating the inode block by dividing the filepointer by the block size.
      Then it finds the offset within a block by performing (filepointer mod
      block size). If nbytes is not greater than the difference between the
      block size and the filepointer offset, fread will simply read nbytes
      from the offset. Otherwise, when fread reaches the end of the block, it
      will read the rest of the nbytes from the next block.

    fwrite(int fd, void *buf, int nbytes)
    - fwrite does the same thing as fread, writing bytes intead of reading
      them.
      

Lessons Learned:
    How to implement fcreate, fopen, fclose, fseek, fread, fwrite, and obtain
    a deeper understanding of the unix filesystem structure.      
